Chrome Browser launched successfully ✅ 
Navigated to the https://fairmont.hudinielevate-stage.io/en/fairmont-mumbai/ successfully ✅ .
Total spa found: 1
Spa list 1: Fairmont Spa
All spa lists--->: [ 'Fairmont Spa' ]
Spa Data: { spa_1: [ 'Fairmont Spa' ] }
List of Spa: { spa_1: 'Fairmont Spa' }
 API call was successful.✅ 
[ 'Fairmont Spa' ]
Spa lists validation passed, executing further actions...
Spa Name: Fairmont Spa, Spa ID: 58a64ef4-041d-4b80-8afc-e535234e8a16
All Spa IDs: [ '58a64ef4-041d-4b80-8afc-e535234e8a16' ]
Total spa found: 1
Clicking on spa 1
Text of spa 1: Fairmont Spa
Spa Description: No matter how busy your schedule is, it’s easy to maintain your fitness regime at Fairmont SPA, where both health clubs include a fully equipped technogym. Use the state-of-the-art cardio and strength training equipment to work toward a new personal best, or clear your mind for another day of worship. Travelling with family? Carving out a quiet moment for yourself at the gym or in the spa is made easy by our Kids Club, where trained childcare professionals welcome your little ones with open arms and fun-filled, age-appropriate activities
 API call was successful.✅ 
API Response: No matter how busy your schedule is, it’s easy to maintain your fitness regime at Fairmont SPA, where both health clubs include a fully equipped technogym. Use the state-of-the-art cardio and strength training equipment to work toward a new personal best, or clear your mind for another day of worship. Travelling with family? Carving out a quiet moment for yourself at the gym or in the spa is made easy by our Kids Club, where trained childcare professionals welcome your little ones with open arms and fun-filled, age-appropriate activities
No matter how busy your schedule is, it’s easy to maintain your fitness regime at Fairmont SPA, where both health clubs include a fully equipped technogym. Use the state-of-the-art cardio and strength training equipment to work toward a new personal best, or clear your mind for another day of worship. Travelling with family? Carving out a quiet moment for yourself at the gym or in the spa is made easy by our Kids Club, where trained childcare professionals welcome your little ones with open arms and fun-filled, age-appropriate activities
View Treatments button is visible
Text of view Treatment Button: View Treatments
Clicking on View Treatments button
category button is now visible
Total elements found: 2
Category 1: Serenity - Facials
Category 2: Massage
All Categories: [ 'Serenity - Facials', 'Massage' ]
 API call was successful.✅ 
[ 'Serenity - Facials', 'Massage' ]
Matching Categories: Serenity - Facials,Massage
Total Matches: 2
Matches: [ 'Serenity - Facials', 'Massage' ]
Number of Matches: 2
Category lists validation passed, executing further actions...
Clicking category: Serenity - Facials
Validating treatments for category: Serenity - Facials
Number of treatments found for "Serenity - Facials": 1
Items under Category "Serenity - Facials": [ 'Purity SL, 60min' ]
Clicking category: Massage
Validating treatments for category: Massage
Number of treatments found for "Massage": 2
Items under Category "Massage": [ 'Facial massage', 'Detox' ]
All Treatments across all categories: [ 'Purity SL, 60min', 'Facial massage', 'Detox' ]
 API call was successful.✅ 
[ 'Purity SL, 60min', 'Facial massage', 'Detox' ]
Page has been closed ✅ 
Context has been closed ✅ 
Browser has been closed ✅ 
